fix: change the validation logic for python_date_format (#25510)
apache/superset: UPDATING.md

- [26636](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/26636): Sets the `DASHBOARD_VIRTUALIZATION` feature flag to `True` by default. This feature was introduced by [21438](https://github.com/apache/superset/pull/21438) and will enable virtualization when rendering a dashboard's charts in an attempt to reduce the number of elements (DOM nodes) rendered at once. This is especially useful for large dashboards.
- [26637](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/26637): Sets the `DRILL_BY` feature flag to `True` by default given that the feature has been tested for a while and reached a stable state.
- [26462](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/26462): Removes the Profile feature given that it's not actively maintained and not widely used.

> - [25510](https://github.com/apache/superset/pull/25510): (re)Restriction that only ISO 8601 formats are acceptable (enforced by way of validation at the API and database level) and that dataset owners will need to use a SQL expression instead to convert their string columns of the form %Y/%m/%d etc. to a DATE, DATETIME, etc. type.

Reviewer: As I understand by @john-bodley's comment, this won't be a breaking change. If that's the case, this should be moved to the Next section and the text should be changed given that:

> any existing non-ISO 8601 values will still be “valid”.

> - [25510](https://github.com/apache/superset/pull/25510): (re)Restriction that only ISO 8601 formats are acceptable (enforced by way of validation at the API and database level) and that dataset owners will need to use a SQL expression instead to convert their string columns of the form %Y/%m/%d etc. to a DATE, DATETIME, etc. type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [25510](https://github.com/apache/superset/pull/25510): Reenforces that any newly defined Python data format (other than epoch) must adhere to the ISO 8601 standard (enforced by way of validation at the API and database level) after a previous relaxation to include slashes in addition to dashes. From now on when specifying new columns, dataset owners will need to use a SQL expression instead to convert their string columns of the form %Y/%m/%d etc. to a `DATE`, `DATETIME`, etc. type. 
```
